Update 2022-11-01-developer-week.md (#1884)
urbit/urbit.org: content/events/2022-11-01-developer-week.md

timezone = "America/Los_Angeles"
location = "Online Event"
image = "https://storage.googleapis.com/media.urbit.org/site/events/developer-week.jpg"
registration_url = "https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/"
description = ""

+++

> It's been almost two months since our second Assembly, and the last cohort of Hoon School Live has just finished. 2022 is drawing to a close and the Urbit developer community is getting bigger every day. This calls for a celebration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been almost two months since Assembly and the last cohort of Hoon School Live has just finished. The year is drawing to a close and the Urbit developer community is getting bigger every day. This calls for a celebration. 
```

> From the 14th until the 18th of November the Urbit Foundation is organizing Urbit Developer Week. A week full of announcements, good conversations, the launch of several new initiatives and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the 14th through the 18th of November the Urbit Foundation is organizing a week full of announcements, thoughtful conversations, launches, and more.
```

## Schedule
| Date – Time*   | What                          | Meetup                                                    | Youtube                                              |
|---------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 11/14 – 10:00 | Urbit Foundation              | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289623363/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCxHvkS9o8g ) |
| 11/15 – 10:00 | Dr. Davis & Dr. Murphy        | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629398/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTpw2DG6WBc)  |
| 11/15 – 13:00 | Volcano Summit                | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629419/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckFsPr-DXNE)  |
| 11/16 – 10:00 | Speed Hooning                 | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629435/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRz3s9dQZe8)  |
| 11/17 – 12:00 | Core Roadmap                  | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629450/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJaRloyA02Y)  |

> | 11/17 – 13:00 | AMA Core Dev                  | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629467/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI_B7H8tSRE)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 11/17 – 13:00 | Core Dev AMA                  | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629467/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI_B7H8tSRE)  |
```

| 11/18 – 10:00 | So you want to work on Urbit? | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629483/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j96Gb6dXaNs)  |
| 11/18 – 12:00 | Engine Pattern                | [here](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629506/) | [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T4VyW72zX0w)  |

> **times are in Pacific Time*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**times are in Pacific Time**
```

### Developer Week: Urbit Foundation

> Want to know what’s new at the Urbit Foundation? On Monday Josh Lehman and Ted Blackman will kick-off Urbit Developer Week with a look back at the first year of the Urbit Foundation’s existence and they have some exciting news to share with you. Make sure to tune in and ask your questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to know what’s new at the Urbit Foundation? On Monday Josh Lehman and Ted Blackman will kick-off Urbit Developer Week with a look back at the first year of the Urbit Foundation’s existence and share some exciting news with you. Make sure to tune in and ask your questions.
```

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289623363/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCxHvkS9o8g )

### Developer Week: The Network State's Ministry of Education

> In the last year Hoon Education has taken-off, hundreds of people have gone through Hoon School including Dr. Murphy himself. Tune in to watch the two post-academics talk about education on Urbit, the chances for developers and what the future has in store for new Hooners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the last year Hoon Education has taken-off and hundreds of people have gone through Hoon School including Dr. Murphy himself. Tune in to watch the two post-academics talk about education on Urbit, opportunities for developers, and what the future has in store for new Hooners.
```

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629398/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTpw2DG6WBc)  

### Developer Week: Volcano Summit
Assembly is barely two months out and there is already a new event waiting for us. The Urbit Foundation and Tlon have teamed up with AlephDAO to organize a new developer summit. Writing runes in magma has never been so comfortable.

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629419/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckFsPr-DXNE)

### Developer Week: Speed Hooning with Quartus

> Nobody is quicker than Quartus, in this workshop ~rabsef-bicrym will build a reminder application from scratch that integrates with the new %homestead and show you how you can do it as well. Are you up for the challenge?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nobody is quicker than Quartus. In this workshop ~rabsef-bicrym will build a reminder application from scratch that integrates with the new %homestead and show you how you can do it as well. Are you up for the challenge?
```

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629435/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRz3s9dQZe8)

### Developer Week: Core Roadmap

> Urbit Core Development is opening up to the world. Want to see where it is going? Join Philip Monk and Ted Blackman to listen to the new vision on core development, their plans for the future and what is in the pipeline already. Urbit will never be the same again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Urbit Core Development is opening up to the world. Want to see where it is going? Join Philip Monk and Ted Blackman to listen to the new vision on core development, their plans for the future and what is in the pipeline already.
```

That last sentence is too sensational.

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629450/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BJaRloyA02Y)

> ### Developer Week: AMA Core Dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Developer Week: Core Dev AMA
```

> Always had a question for the core developers of Urbit, the new plans or the roadmap? Urbit’s core developers will come together in public and provide their wisdom to answer any question you might have. Join ~rovnys-ricfer, ~wicdev-wisryt, ~palfun-foslup & ~master-morzod on friday right after the Roadmap presentation.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have a burning question for the core developers of Urbit about what's going on or where things are going? Urbit’s core developers will be available to answer any questions you have. Join ~rovnys-ricfer, ~wicdev-wisryt, ~palfun-foslup & ~master-morzod on Friday right after the Roadmap presentation.  
```

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629467/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SI_B7H8tSRE)

### Developer Week: So you want to work on Urbit?

> Just finished Hoon School? Or always wanted to work for an Urbit company but don’t know where to start? In this session ~poldec-tonteg will lead a panel with several Urbit companies, about their open positions, hiring strategies and how you could become a part of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just finished Hoon School? Or always wanted to work for an Urbit company but don’t know where to start? In this session ~poldec-tonteg will lead a panel with several Urbit companies about their open positions, hiring strategies, and explain how you can join them.
```

[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/urbit-sf/events/289629483/) | [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j96Gb6dXaNs)

### Developer Week: Engine Pattern

> The “trade secret” or little-known engine pattern in Hoon programs. A newer design pattern that extends working with cores to higher-level domain-specific abstractions. Join Neal Davis and Ted Blackman in their conversation about this little-known piece of magic.

Reviewer: The first two sentences don't make sense and I'm not sure how to correct it. @sigilante ?

Reviewer: Perhaps it's supposed to say this?

```suggestion
The "engine pattern" in Hoon programs is a newer design pattern that extends working with cores to higher-level domain-specific abstractions. Join Neal Davis and Ted Blackman in their conversation about this little-known piece of magic.
```
